compliant relevant see how I can take
the turn little why certain final girl
all right and she's going to come up
with a time the 1996 219 and here she
goes little bay horse woman wide
turn and clams on this huge arena and as
we talked about even in the girl racing
next week kid when they go down to
merced it'll be a short course she had
sprouse affinia and her time is going to
be in what we're going to add a
five-second penalty to her time as
wealth of the air for 2009 counselor of
california cowgirl here she goes jordans
final girls here she can beat the faster
now Fortuna when she rounds that third
and final barrel that's your chance to
make all the noise you can and it'll go
faster and she's gonna have a time of
2010 mark and apply it on around that
first turn a little while since you can
save you some time or make it up on the
second and third cycle charm else look
at the girl has important role when the
title turn around right there's
or to do would you like to see a
hometown girl an hour here's your chance
final
and she's got on top of 1952 on the run
for iris tonight I'm certain now you
know what she's got to meet that time at
18 19 and deleted our Merle racing
calves eat a glare can she knew it all
the way across the finish line no.7 this
little horse can run here we go
just 18 11 / 18 11 on the run / cowgirl
and ladies and gent i pummeled by the
second place by christie colgate with
the dick teen 11 hip early both without
18 19 and Jeanette Emery oh it was fast
it was canada well right now we're going
to get set